suppa cats brouilly here and i got the
second installment of her loose
challenges I'm going to make this short
so all you got to do is come on the
corner jump onto the on/off and quad out
so good luck also I'm not saying these
are the hardest things to do I'm just
giving you guys something to do aside
from the racing so if it comes easy to
you congratulations but the saying oh
this is stupid and easy doesn't give me
any good feedback and just makes me not
want to make it so yeah just something
to think about alright thanks for
watching guys have a good day see ya
for daily motocross pro and am coverage
be sure to log on to verb moto calm and
if you like us prove it